recently gave investors more evidence that the surge in demand for its data center products powering artificial intelligence (AI) applications has more legs. That helped persuade Rosenblatt analyst Hans Mosesmann to continue to recommend investors buy the stock.

His firm's $1,400 price target for Nvidia stock remains one of the highest on Wall Street. That represents upside of about 34% even after Nvidia shares popped following its fiscal 2025 first-quarter results. Nvidia shares have now more than doubled in 2024.

Nvidia beats expectations again
The strength in Nvidia's AI business hasn't been a secret for investors. Expectations have been high, but the company continues to surpass Wall Street's, and its own, estimates. Consider that the three months ended April 28 marked the fourth straight quarter in which the company beat its own revenue guidance by at least $2 billion.

Year over year revenue by business segment increased as follows:

Data center: 427%

Gaming: 18%

Ominverse: 45%

Automotive and robotics: 11%

While the company is growing all areas, its data center AI business is what's driving the stock right now. Mosesmann thinks that will continue, with the company outperforming expectations as Nvidia projects another meaningful jump in sales in the current fiscal quarter.

Nvidia wants even more of the AI pie
Some investors thought near-term demand would wane as customers wait for the more powerful Blackwell architecture. But clearly that hasn't happened, and Blackwell shipments are expected to begin before the end of this year. In the earnings release, Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang commented, "We are poised for our next wave of growth. The Blackwell platform is in full production."

The runway for growth in AI spending looks to be a long one. And Nvidia continues to innovate in other areas as well. The company wants to offer more and more value to customers. It is including software solutions with its server stack offerings.

That makes me think the $1,400 price target will only be a stop along the way to even higher prices.

Should you invest $1,000 in Nvidia right now?
Before you buy stock in Nvidia, consider this:

The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Nvidia wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.

Consider when Nvidia made this list on April 15, 2005... if you invested $1,000 at the time of our recommendation, you’d have $635,982!*

Stock Advisor provides investors with an easy-to-follow blueprint for success, including guidance on building a portfolio, regular updates from analysts, and two new stock picks each month. The Stock Advisor service has more than quadrupled the return of S&P 500 since 2002*.

Nvidia stock rocketed nearly 8% in Thursday's trades, smashing past $1,020 per share after a blowout earnings report. This market expert says the semiconductor supergiant could still have more room to run.

X
"I say it's the most important company in the world, as far as innovation," Jim Roppel, founder of The Roppel Report, told Investor's Business Daily's "Investing with IBD" podcast. He says Nvidia (NVDA) has managed to leapfrog from one tech trend to another, beginning with video games, then moving to things like automotive applications and now generative AI.

Nvidia stock is breaking out of a stage two consolidation that lasted for 53 days with a 22% depth according to MarketSurge. The stock is No. 1 in the Electronics-Semiconductor Fabless group and holds a Composite Rating of 99 according to IBD Research.

Audio Version Of Podcast Episode

Generative AI could be Nvidia stock's biggest driver yet, Roppel said. "If Cisco (CSCO) went from six cents to $65 off a revolution in innovation, Nvidia has way [more to climb]," Roppel said. "You can't start counting from the day Nvidia came public, you have to start counting from the day AI was relevant to their earnings."

Nvidia Stock Lifts Semiconductor Space
Nvidia's success has lifted the semiconductor sector as a whole, Roppel says. He noted how the VanEck Semiconductor (SMH) ETF is seeing a 53-day consolidation in its chart pattern, with Nvidia earnings pushing the ETF comfortably into its pivot point. The ETF began consolidating in early March, with a 17% depth.

"When I see bases like that and then the digestion, and it comes out again, we're set up here for a whole 'nother run," said Roppel.

Nvidia Stock's Potential Impact On the Economy
While consumers may be struggling, Roppel notes that technological innovation and the efficiency it introduces will likely have a deflationary effect on the market. "The major innovation cycle is healthy and thriving." he said.

"I really think this golden goose is ripping," he said. "The golden goose is working overtime here."


Shares of beleaguered semiconductor giant Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) tumbled for a fourth straight day on Friday, falling 2.3% through 10:15 a.m. ET as investors continue to digest the news that Intel lost $7 billion building semiconductor chips for its competitors last year. And Wall Street isn't helping matters much.

Adding insult to injury, this morning, investment bank Bernstein commented that there is "no real reason to [own Intel stock] until 2030."

Why is Bernstein bashing Intel?
Why is Bernstein pouring salt into the wounds of investors, who've already suffered a 13% loss on Intel stock so far this week?

Earlier this week, Intel confirmed it will separate out financial results for its semiconductor foundry business. And in preparation for this change, the company gave investors some insight into the historical performance of the foundry business.

Investors didn't like what they saw, though: Intel's foundry business lost nearly $7 billion last year -- losses 35% worse than in 2022, with 31% worse sales -- and the semiconductor cycle hasn't even "troughed" yet. As StreetInsider.com reports, Intel thinks it can turn this business around, break even in 2027, and reach 30% "adjusted" operating profit margins by 2030 -- but Bernstein thinks margins might only be 25% by then, and called Intel's forecast "aggressive."

Is Intel a buy in 2030?
Long story short, Bernstein is in no rush to buy Intel before its down cycle ends and its profit margins turn positive -- and you shouldn't be, either. Even after this week's sell-off, Intel stock still sells at a very pricey 99 times trailing earnings. Worse, the company is burning more than $14 billion a year in cash, deepening the negativity of a balance sheet that already shows $24.7 billion more debt than cash on hand -- and now Intel has warned that things are still getting worse!

Don't get me wrong: Intel could still bounce back eventually. But most analysts agree the company won't stop burning cash before 2028 at the earliest. I'd be in no rush to buy this stock until it does.

Should you invest $1,000 in Intel right now?
Before you buy stock in Intel, consider this:

The Motley Fool Stock Advisor analyst team just identified what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy now… and Intel wasn’t one of them. The 10 stocks that made the cut could produce monster returns in the coming years.

Stock Advisor provides investors with an easy-to-follow blueprint for success, including guidance on building a portfolio, regular updates from analysts, and two new stock picks each month. The Stock Advisor service has more than tripled the return of S&P 500 since 2002*.


